CI RN - 801xx/CI MGR 52xx (#2760)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/continuous-integration.md

:::

## Latest - August 4, 2023, version 52xx

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="What's new">
```

This release does not include new features.

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Early access">
```

This release does not include early access features.

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Fixed issues">
```

* Fixed an issue that caused [Cache Intelligence](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/caching-ci-data/cache-intelligence) to be incompatible with Maven 3.9. (CI-8891)
* Fixed pagination for [license usage](/docs/continuous-integration/ci-quickstarts/ci-subscription-mgmt#license-usage) tables. (CI-8857)
* If a build started by a [PR webhook](/docs/platform/Triggers/triggering-pipelines) fails, you can manually rerun the build. However, previously, the manual rerun could also fail due to a missing `DRONE_COMMIT_REF` environment variable. Now, this has been fixed, and the expected variable is included in case of manual reruns. (CI-8794, ZD-47417)

> * Fixed an issue with handling of new line characters in [GitHub App private key files](/docs/platform/Connectors/Code-Repositories/git-hub-app-support) generated on Windows machines. The [Harness Delegate version 801xx or later](/release-notes/delegate) is required for this fix. (CI-8708)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with handling of new line characters in [GitHub App private key files](/docs/platform/Connectors/Code-Repositories/git-hub-app-support) generated on Windows machines. This item requires Harness Delegate version 801xx or later. For information about features that require a specific delegate version, go to the [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate).  (CI-8708)
```
